Hi within this lecture re going to finalize our solar system app with finding some planet textures in
order to do that.
I'm going to go read is open game that are one more time and I will see if we can find some verbs textures
like mask textures or Venus textures to show in our app so we can just start by searching over this
website.
If that doesn't work of course we can move to other Web sites as well.
So I'm going to go into browse textures and under textures I'm just going to search for world or planet
or galaxy so that we can see the options that we can gather here.
So we have some kind of options but I believe they are not good.
So very looking something like this like a world map but in a flat way so that we can wrap this around
our sphere and it would look good.
But I believe this is not the one that we are looking for.
So let me go to Google and I'm just going to search for Planet textures.
OK so if you do that you will see a lot of options over here as well.
And there is a website called textures for planets.
So it's simple.
Planet textures OK textures for planets.
So if you come over here to downloads I believe we have the option of downloading a software which is
not we want but we can go for this texture packs.
And over here you will see some packs like habitable work pack or inhospitable work pack for example
inhospitable per rogue pack.
I believe we have Martians so I'm going to download this and over here there is a terrorist serial world
with clouds.
So let me download this as well and we will see what we get in those textures.
So this is one of them.
So let me bring those in.
If you cannot find them online you can just use mine over my github account.
OK so let's see the marks and yep I believe we can work with this PMG as you can see this represents
the Mars and Venus.
So yeah we can use that.
So let me name this Venus and let me name this Mars.
And let me delete this because we don't need it.
And let me come over here.
So it kind of looks like earth.
I don't know what it is actually but we can use it right.
Because it's looking good.
Yeah I believe this is roadmap so we can go along with this.
And if it doesn't look good of course we can just find another one and just changed as later on so something
to go for this one.
So let me bring in this by changing its name to vote and let me bring over here and take everything
in here and I believe we don't need that.
So let me open my art that CNN sets and bring all of this visuals in now rather than creating disappear.
I'm going to create the vote.
Mars and the Venus.
OK.
So let me comment this out of course in your own time you can search for other planets as well.
So for a world I'm going to give a radius of 0.01.
And I'm going to save our dog PMG.
So this will have the SVM vector of let me choose this for x.
I'm going to go for zero for y 0.01.
And for is that minus 1.
So right now I'm just going to create the others but of course I have to change this my sphere to work.
So if you create Mars for radius you can go something like all point 2 or point 3.
But I suggest if you're really building this app for educational purposes for like kids.
OK.
You have to see if you can find the real dimensions of world and Mars for example if Mars is twice as
big as world.
You can go for 0.01 0 point 2 in this case.
So I'm going to say Mars stopped PSG and for vector I'm going to open this and I'm just going to move
this a little bit further away from world.
And again you can actually decide to do this relative to day your own sizes own distances in the real
solar system.
OK.
So let me add this to our scene and the route.
No Dad.
Ed child node and rather than work I'm going to go for Mars and let me create the Venus.
So let's cold this creates fear and I don't know the actual size of wieners or her relative size to
the world so I'm going to go for oh point fifteen and call this Venus stop PSG and for vector let me
just move this further away from Mars as well.
And again in a real app you will just calculate the distance between Earth and Mars and Mars and Venus
and make this relative to the actual distances.
Okay.
And let me call these same Zs like minus one and we will add this to our scene as we have done before.
So moment of truth.
Let me run this on my iPhone and see how it looks like in our living room.
So here we go.
Now I have the earth.
I have the Mars and I have the Venus and as you can see Mars is much bigger than the Earth and Venus
is much bigger than the Earth again.
So my Mars is the biggest one.
I believe that's the case in real life as well.
And we can see the top.
We can see the bottom and we can see every aspect of this sphere.
So this is actually very cool and my dog is still sitting over there.
So here you go.
Now we managed to create this solar system app with just field lines of code.
Thanks to the market you can actually create this as an educational app so that you can just publish
it on the app store or you can educate your own kids.
I don't know.
So I hope you enjoyed this one.
Where are you going to stop here and continue within the next section.